Jan 6 Cloud release notes (#273)
astronomer/docs: cloud/deployment-logs.md

---
title: 'View Deployment Logs'
sidebar_label: 'Deployment Logs'
id: deployment-logs

> description: View your Deployments' Scheduler logs directly from the Astronomer Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'View Scheduler Logs for Deployments on Astronomer Cloud'
sidebar_label: 'Scheduler Logs'
id: scheduler-logs
description: View logs for your Deployment's Airflow Scheduler directly from the Astronomer Cloud UI.
```

Reviewer 2: I think I'm good with calling it Scheduler log since that is accurate and I think most Astronomer/Airflow users are going to be familiar with the term.

In future it's always possible that we could add more logs here ( even Airflow itself or Astronomer Runtime could add logs that we want to surface that don't exist yet ) so `Deployment Logs` would be a broader catch all that covers us for the future. I think that's a argument in favor of keeping it more general "just in case"

But, we could always change it in future if needed. Scheduler Logs is accurate for now.

---

## Overview

> Astronomer Cloud pulls Scheduler logs directly from your Airflow deployment and shows them in the **Logs** tab of the Astronomer UI. Logging is essential for troubleshooting and monitoring the health of your DAGs. This guide explains how to access and manage your Deployments' Scheduler logs via the Astronomer Cloud UI. For more information about viewing logs in a local Airflow environment, including Webserver and Worker logs, see [Access Airflow Component Logs](test-and-troubleshoot-locally#access-airflow-component-logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer Cloud exposes your Airflow Deployment's Scheduler logs in the **Logs** tab of the Astronomer UI. While Airflow task logs available in the Airflow UI are most critical to common troubleshooting, errors specific to the Scheduler component are often helpful to understand task failures.

This guide explains how to access your Deployments' Scheduler logs via the Astronomer Cloud UI. For more information about viewing component logs in a local Airflow environment, see [Access Airflow Component Logs](test-and-troubleshoot-locally#access-airflow-component-logs). For Deployments on Astronomer Cloud, logs for the Airflow Webserver, Workers, and Triggerer are not available.
```

## Access Deployment Logs

You can access logs for all of your Deployments through the Logs icon in the Astronomer UI sidebar:

![Logs icon and button](/img/docs/log-location.png)

You can also access logs for a specific Deployment by clicking the Logs icon in the Deployments table or on a Deployment's information screen.

> ![Logs icon in the Deployments table](/img/docs/deployment-log-button.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access Scheduler Logs

You can access Scheduler logs for all Deployments in your Workspace by clicking on the the **Logs** icon in the Astronomer UI sidebar:

![Logs icon and button](/img/docs/log-location.png)

If you're looking at a single Deployment, you can also access logs for that particular Deployment by clicking the **Logs** icon in the Deployments table or on the Deployment's information screen.

![Logs icon in the Deployments table](/img/docs/deployment-log-button.png)
```

Author: Should we bold Logs since it's not technically a UI element? In that that you can't look for the word Logs, you have to look for the icon instead.

Reviewer: fair, not bolding it is fine w/ me

> ## Manage Deployment Logs

Reviewer: Is "manage" the right word here? I don't feel like you're _doing_ anything to the logs, you're just looking at them to help you troubleshoot. What about something more use-case centric like, "Filter Scheduler Logs", or "Parse Scheduler Logs", or even, "Troubleshoot with Scheduler Logs" or "Use Scheduler Logs to Troubleshoot DAGs"

Author: I think "Filter" is most accurate here, since you're either filtering by Deployment or by type.

The **Scheduler Logs** page shows all of a given Deployment's recorded Scheduler logs from the last 24 hours. Each log is color-coded based on its information type.

At the top of the **Scheduler Logs** page, you can filter the types of logs which appear by selecting specific log types from the dropdown log type menu:

![Log filtering menu in Scheduler Logs page](/img/docs/filter-logs.png)

To view a different Deployment's logs, click the name of the current Deployment and select a new Deployment from the dropdown menu that appears:

> ![Select deployment logs menu](/img/docs/select-deployment-logs.png)

Reviewer: @conorbev We can do this as a follow-up if it's not straightforward, but I think it'd be good to break down what each of the log "types" are and what they can be used for, or with some examples. I.e.:

- Info: Info logs are triggered by the word `Info`. These are usually warnings about x... For example...
- Debug
- Warn
- Error

WDYT?

Reviewer 2: It makes sense but yes, I think we'll need to do something like that as a followup since we'd need to get input from OSS Airflow experts on that.

Reviewer 2: I think it's likely that Airflow is "fairly standard" in terms of how it emits logs and that the different levels would line up fairly closely with something like described here: https://sematext.com/blog/logging-levels/ ( just a random article via Google search ).

The `Info` messages just show normal/expected operations of the scheduler as they occur. Tasks/DAGs finishing etc. 

We only have `Warn` and `Error` selected by default because those are the ones that would surface _issues_. The `Info` is available because it can be kind of a nice sanity check.. Like just flip it on and you see "is stuff happening?"

Reviewer: Got it, that's helpful @conorbev - let's just do that as a followup
